# Client Meeting on 3/20/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/3/20/14:04

## Meeting End Time
2023/3/20/14:40

## Location/Medium
Bracken Library

## Present
Mars, Kiri, Melody, Nicole

## Minute Recorder
Melody

---

## Topics Discussed
- new stuff:
 - delete button
 - downloadable games
  - only 9 games in rn, but if want more, can send to kiri to add to carousel
 - youtube embed converter
  - showed off youtube share to embed conversion
 - Multiple categories
  - showed off adding an exercise with multiple categories
 - pulls in the thumbnail from the youtube api
 - added animations on the home page
  - client says good work
 - delete button
  - next iteration will be upgraded to an edit button
- client asked about whether we want to do immersive learning showcase
- mentioned getting professional photos taken, which chair was doing for us
- will ask about money for deployment on Wednesday, but will most likely deploy next iteration
- discussed student symposium, talked about time
- client can print poster for us, will maybe use it at the immersive learning showcase too
- out of the things she saw, what would she change?
 - the light/moderate/vigorous faces don’t have mouths, which is a little iffy
 - maybe just add a smile to all of them, since we don’t want them to be frowning
## Things Clarified
- client created youtube channel
- wanted to know if we could have a QR code to the website once it’s up
- can make one
## Client Use of the Project
### How did the client use the software?
Made an account, logged in. Logged exercise for Nicole. Viewed log in the calendar. Went to the Eat Healthy page and searched for a recipe. Viewed demonstration and diagram page. Played some games. Downloaded game. Viewed about page. 
### What features did they test in your software?
Login, register, logging exercise, viewing logs, recipes, search, demos/diagrams, games, games carousel, downloading games, about page, clicked the links on the login page, read book on home page, tried multiple category selector on admin panel
### How long did they use your software?
~10 minutes
### How was their reaction to the software?
"Love it!!!” Seemed receptive, liked the design and said good work.
### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
Light/Moderate/Vigorous faces had no mouths, was a bit uncanny. Added them
### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
“I think it was easy to use, functional. Able to download games—no issues"