# Client Meeting on 4/17/2023

## Meeting Start Time
2023/4/17/14:00

## Meeting End Time
2023/4/17/14:27

## Location/Medium
Bracken Library

## Present
Mars, Kiri, Melody, Nicole

## Minute Recorder
Melody

---

## Topics Discussed
- deployment
  - the url is the only thing we might need to pay for
  - maybe just make an account on wherever we buy the domain from
  - hover.com
    - showed how to purchase domain, it’s $14 a year
- admin panel - what should the password be?
  - can give a qr code to the admin panel also
- how did the symposium go?
  - didn’t win. sad
  - went okay. lots of people were there
- showed off docs!!!!!!!
## Things Clarified
- will get domain either tonight or tomorrow
## Client Use of the Project
### How did the client use the software?
Looked at recipes in the website, made an account, logged in. Logged exercise for Kaydin. Edited exercise log. Checked the admin panel and entered the password.
### What features did they test in your software?
Editing exercises, viewing recipe pages, logging in, registering, logging exercise, editing logs, admin panel functionality, admin panel password.
### How long did they use your software?
A few minutes
### How was their reaction to the software?
“It’s great. It is easy to use."
### Did you recognize anything unusual/different/good/bad?
“I recognized that you had a delete button now. Didn’t see anything abnormal.”
### Issues (any usability, functionality, etc issues)
“It is functional and easy to use, even for young kids. Totally doable” (no issues)